ʻole, ʻaʻohe
ʻekahi, hoʻokahi
ʻelua
ʻekolu
ʻehā, kāuna
ʻelima
ʻeono
ʻehiku
ʻewalu
ʻeiwa
ʻumi
ʻumikūmākahi, ʻumikumamākahi
ʻumikūmālua, ʻumikumamālua
ʻumikūmākolu, ʻumikumamākolu
ʻumikūmāhā, ʻumikumamāhā
ʻumikūmālima, ʻumikumamālima
ʻumikūmāono, ʻumikumamāono
ʻumikūmāhiku, ʻumikumamāhiku
ʻumikūmāwalu, ʻumikumamāwalu
ʻumikūmāiwa, ʻumikumamāiwa
iwakālua
iwakāluakūmākahi, iwakāluakumamākahi
iwakāluakūmālua, iwakāluakumamālua
iwakāluakūmākolu, iwakāluakumamākolu
iwakāluakūmāhā, iwakāluakumamāhā
iwakāluakūmālima, iwakāluakumamālima
iwakāluakūmāono, iwakāluakumamāono
iwakāluakūmāhiku, iwakāluakumamāhiku
iwakāluakūmāwalu, iwakāluakumamāwalu
iwakāluakūmāiwa, iwakāluakumamāiwa
kanakolu
kanakolukūmākahi, kanakolukumamākahi
kanakolukūmālua, kanakolukumamālua
kanakolukūmākolu, kanakolukumamākolu
kanakolukūmāhā, kanakolukumamāhā
kanakolukūmālima, kanakolukumamālima
kanakolukūmāono, kanakolukumamāono
kanakolukūmāhiku, kanakolukumamāhiku
kanakolukūmāwalu, kanakolukumamāwalu
kanakolukūmāiwa, kanakolukumamāiwa
kanahā, kaʻau
kanahākūmākahi, kanahākumamākahi
kanahākūmālua, kanahākumamālua
kanahākūmākolu, kanahākumamākolu
kanahākūmāhā, kanahākumamāhā
kanahākūmālima, kanahākumamālima
kanahākūmāono, kanahākumamāono
kanahākūmāhiku, kanahākumamāhiku
kanahākūmāwalu, kanahākumamāwalu
kanahākūmāiwa, kanahākumamāiwa
kanalima
kanalimakūmākahi, kanalimakumamākahi
kanalimakūmālua, kanalimakumamālua
kanalimakūmākolu, kanalimakumamākolu
kanalimakūmāhā, kanalimakumamāhā
kanalimakūmālima, kanalimakumamālima
kanalimakūmāono, kanalimakumamāono
kanalimakūmāhiku, kanalimakumamāhiku
kanalimakūmāwalu, kanalimakumamāwalu
kanalimakūmāiwa, kanalimakumamāiwa
kanaono
kanaonokūmākahi, kanaonokumamākahi
kanaonokūmālua, kanaonokumamālua
kanaonokūmākolu, kanaonokumamākolu
kanaonokūmāhā, kanaonokumamāhā
kanaonokūmālima, kanaonokumamālima
kanaonokūmāono, kanaonokumamāono
kanaonokūmāhiku, kanaonokumamāhiku
kanaonokūmāwalu, kanaonokumamāwalu
kanaonokūmāiwa, kanaonokumamāiwa
kanahiku
kanahikukūmākahi, kanahikukumamākahi
kanahikukūmālua, kanahikukumamālua
kanahikukūmākolu, kanahikukumamākolu
kanahikukūmāhā, kanahikukumamāhā
kanahikukūmālima, kanahikukumamālima
kanahikukūmāono, kanahikukumamāono
kanahikukūmāhiku, kanahikukumamāhiku
kanahikukūmāwalu, kanahikukumamāwalu
kanahikukūmāiwa, kanahikukumamāiwa
kanawalu
kanawalukūmākahi, kanawalukumamākahi
kanawalukūmālua, kanawalukumamālua
kanawalukūmākolu, kanawalukumamākolu
kanawalukūmāhā, kanawalukumamāhā
kanawalukūmālima, kanawalukumamālima
kanawalukūmāono, kanawalukumamāono
kanawalukūmāhiku, kanawalukumamāhiku
kanawalukūmāwalu, kanawalukumamāwalu
kanawalukūmāiwa, kanawalukumamāiwa
kanaiwa
kanaiwakūmākahi, kanaiwakumamākahi
kanaiwakūmālua, kanaiwakumamālua
kanaiwakūmākolu, kanaiwakumamākolu
kanaiwakūmāhā, kanaiwakumamāhā
kanaiwakūmālima, kanaiwakumamālima
kanaiwakūmāono, kanaiwakumamāono
kanaiwakūmāhiku, kanaiwakumamāhiku
kanaiwakūmāwalu, kanaiwakumamāwalu
kanaiwakūmāiwa, kanaiwakumamāiwa
hanele, haneli
